docs: update certificate management self-hosted PEM-5422 (#3566)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/enterprise-version/system-management/ssl-certificate-management.md

Transfer Protocol Secure (HTTPS). External Palette endpoints, such as the
[system console](../system-management/system-management.md#system-console),
[Palette dashboard](../../getting-started/dashboard.md), Palette API, and gRPC endpoints, are enabled by default with
HTTPS using an auto-generated self-signed certificate.

## Update System Address and Certificates

> The Palette system console provides you with the ability to replace the self-signed certificate with a custom SSL
> certificate to secure these endpoints. Additionally, you can update the system address, which is the IP address or Fully

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Palette system console allows you to replace the self-signed certificate with a custom SSL
certificate to secure these endpoints. Additionally, you can update the system address, which is the IP address or Fully
```

- Ensure the certificate is created for the custom domain name you specified for your Palette installation. If you did
  not specify a custom domain name, the certificate must be created for the Palette system console's IP address. You can
  also specify a load balancer's IP address if you are using a load balancer to access Palette.

### Enablement

You can update your Palette system address and SSL certificates by using the following steps.

1. Log in to the Palette system console.

2. Navigate to the left **Main Menu** and select **Administration**.

> 3. Select the tab titled **System Address**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select the **System Address** tab.
```

4. Update your Palette domain in the **System Address (UI and API)** field.

5. Copy and paste the certificate into the **Certificate** field.

6. Copy and paste the certificate key into the **Key** field.

7. Copy and paste the certificate authority into the **Certificate Authority** field.

   ![A view of the certificate upload screen](/palette_system-management_ssl-certificate-management_system-address.webp)

> 8. Click on **Update** to save your changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Click **Update** to save your changes.
```

Reviewer: Here, I would also direct users to follow up with manually reconciling the address, similar to this:

> 9. If you have any clusters deployed, make sure to reconcile the updated system address for each cluster. Refer to [Reconcile System Address on Deployed Clusters](#reconcile-system...) for more information.

Palette validates the combination of system address, certificate, key, and Certificate Authority (CA). Ensure that the
certificate is not expired, as well as that it is valid for the CA and the system address. Additionally, the system

> address must be accessible from the system console.

Reviewer: I have a feeling this could be an :::info::: admonition at the top of this guide (under the intro paragraph) 🤔

Palette will refresh its listening ports and start using the newly configured values.

### Validate

You can validate that your certificate is uploaded correctly by using the following steps.

1.  Log out of the Palette system console. If you are already logged in, log out and close your browser session.
    Browsers cache connections and may not use the newly enabled HTTPS connection. Closing your existing browser session
    avoids issues related to your browser caching an HTTP connection.

2.  Log back into the Palette system console. Ensure the connection is secure by checking the URL. The URL should start
    with `https://`.

Palette is now using your uploaded certificate to create a secure HTTPS connection with external clients. Users can now
securely access the system console, Palette dashboard, the gRPC endpoint, and the Palette API endpoint.

## Reconcile System Address on Deployed Clusters

Once you have updated your system address, you will need to manually update the API endpoint on each cluster that was
deployed before the update. This enables the Palette agent to reconnect to the API at the newly configured system
address.

### Prerequisites

> - A tenant. Refer to the [Create a Tenant](./tenant-management.md#create-a-tenant) guide for further information.

Reviewer: Maybe we don't need this prereq after all? 🤔 Because they can only have clusters deployed when they have a tenant, so it kind of feels redundant. What do you think?

- Palette access with a configured cloud account.

> - One of more deployed clusters. Refer to the [Clusters](../../clusters/clusters.md) section for further guidance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A cluster deployed prior to the system address update. Refer to the [Clusters](../../clusters/clusters.md) section for further guidance.
```

> - Additionally, you should install kubectl locally. Use the Kubernetes
>   [Install Tools](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/) page for further guidance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `kubectl` installed. Use the Kubernetes
  [Install Tools](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/) page for further guidance.
```

### Enablement

1. Log into Palette using the configured system address.

2. Navigate to the left **Main Menu** and select **Clusters**. Palette displays your deployed clusters. The clusters
   that have the **Unknown** status need to be manually updated.

3. Select your cluster from the **Clusters** list. The cluster **Overview** tab displays.

4. Download the kubeconfig file. This file allows you to connect to your deployed cluster. Check out the
   [Kubeconfig](../../clusters/cluster-management/kubeconfig.md) page to learn more.
5. Open a terminal window and set the environment variable `KUBECONFIG` to point to the file you downloaded.

   ```shell

>    export KUBECONFIG=~/Downloads/admin.cluster-name.kubeconfig

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   export KUBECONFIG=<path-to-downloaded-kubeconfig-file>
```

   ```

6. Execute the following command in your terminal to view the cluster namespaces. Make a note of the cluster namespace

>    that Palette has created. Its name follows the pattern **cluster-xxx**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   that Palette has created. Its name follows the pattern **cluster-id**.
```

   ```shell
   kubectl get namespaces
   ```

7. Palette uses ConfigMaps to save its configuration and environment variables. Update the `apiEndpoint` value in the
   `hubble-info` ConfigMap to use the newly configured system address.

   ```shell

>    kubectl edit configmap hubble-info --namespace cluster-xxx

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   kubectl edit configmap hubble-info --namespace <cluster-id>
```

   ```

8. Save your changes and exit the editor.

> Repeat the outlined steps for each cluster that has the **Unknown** status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Repeat these steps for each cluster that has the **Unknown** status.
```
